Update Azure function learn pages according to 3.0.0 release (#5709)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn-the-platform/run-in-the-cloud/function-as-a-service/azure-functions.md

```ballerina
import ballerinax/azure_functions as af;

service / on new af:HttpListener() {
    resource function get hello(string name) returns string {
        return "Hello, " + name + "!";
    }
}

```

> In ballerina, Triggers are represented with listeners. When the `af:HttpListener` gets attached to the service, it implies that the function is a HTTP Trigger. The resource function behaves exactly the same as a service written from `ballerina/http`. It supports `http:Payload, http:Header` annotations for parameters. Input binding annotations can be used to annotate parameters to make use of external services in azure. if no annotations are specified for a parameter, its identified as a query parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Ballerina, `triggers` are represented by `listeners`. When the `af:HttpListener` gets attached to the service, it implies that the function is an HTTP Trigger. The resource function behaves exactly the same as a service written from `ballerina/http`. It supports `http:Payload, http:Header` annotations for parameters. Input binding annotations can be used to annotate parameters to make use of external services in Azure. If no annotations are specified for a parameter, it is identified as a query parameter.
```

> Output bindings are defined in the return type definition. For services with the `HttpListener` attachment, `HttpOutput` is the default Output binding. Of course you can override the default behavior by specifying them explicitly in the return type. You can find an example in the [HTTP Trigger -> Queue Output](#http-trigger---queue-output) example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output bindings are defined in the return type definition. For services with the `HttpListener` attachment, `HttpOutput` is the default output binding. You can override the default behavior by specifying them explicitly in the return type. For example, see [HTTP Trigger -> Queue Output](#http-trigger---queue-output).
```

> In the code sample shown above, it has an empty service path and resource path named `hello`. The accessor is `get`. It expects a request with a query parameter for the field `name`. The required artifact generation and data binding will be handled by `ballerinax/azure_functions` package automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the code sample shown above, it has an empty service path and resource path named `hello`. The accessor is `get`. It expects a request with a query parameter for the field `name`. The required artifact generation and data binding will be handled by the `ballerinax/azure_functions` package automatically.
```

```
$ bal build
Compiling source
        wso2/azure_functions_deployment:0.1.0

Generating executable
        @azure_functions:Function: get-hello

>         Execute the below command to deploy the function locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Execute the command below to deploy the function locally.
```

>         func start --script-root target/azure_functions --java

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        func start --script-root target/azure_functions --java
```
Shall we put the command inside a `bash` section?

Author: This is the output from the CLI. So I don't think we need to

>         Execute the below command to deploy Ballerina Azure Functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Execute the command below to deploy Ballerina Azure Functions.
```

>         func azure functionapp publish <function_app_name> --script-root target/azure_functions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        func azure functionapp publish <function_app_name> --script-root target/azure_functions 
```
Shall we put the command inside a `bash` section?

        target/bin/azure_functions_deployment.jar
```

### Deploy the function

The created function app name should be provided to the placeholders shown in the above-generated usage instructions from the compiler. 

A sample execution to deploy the functions to Azure Functions is shown below. 

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

### HTTP Trigger -> queue output

> The following Ballerina code gives an example of using an HTTP trigger to invoke the function, a queue output binding to write an entry to a queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Ballerina code gives an example of using an HTTP trigger to invoke the function and a queue output binding to write an entry to a queue.
```

First, create a queue to hold the outputs of the function by accessing the storage account that was created alongside the function app in the prerequisites. Select **Queues** in the sidebar in the storage accounts. Click the **Add queue** button, and enter the same value as the value of the `queueName` property in the below `QueueOutput` annotation.

```ballerina
import ballerina/http;
import ballerinax/azure_functions as af;

public type Person record {
    string name;
    int age;
};

service / on new af:HttpListener() {
    resource function post queue(@http:Payload Person person) returns @af:QueueOutput {queueName: "people"} string {
        return person.name + " is " + person.age.toString() + " years old.";
    }
}
```

> Build the package by executing the `bal build` command on the package directory, and then, deploy it using the `func` command shown in the Ballerina build output as in the previous section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the `bal build` command on the package directory to build the package. Then, execute the `func` command shown in the Ballerina build output as in the previous section to deploy it.
```
Better if we can mention the full command here rather than asking to refer the previous section.

Now, the deployed Azure Function can be tested by invoking it using an HTTP client such as cURL. 

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

> import ballerina/log;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import ballerina/log;
```
Shall we add this code inside a `ballerina` section?

Author: It is inside a ballerina code block

import ballerinax/azure_functions as af;

public type DBEntry record {
    string id;
    string name;
};

@af:CosmosDBTrigger {connectionStringSetting: "CosmosDBConnection", databaseName: "db1", collectionName: "c1"}
listener af:CosmosDBListener cosmosEp = new ();

service "cosmos" on cosmosEp {
    remote function onUpdated(DBEntry[] entries) returns @af:QueueOutput {queueName: "people"} string {
        string name = entries[0].name;
        log:printInfo(entries.toJsonString());
        return "Hello, " + name;
    }
}

```

> Build the package by executing the `bal build` command on the package directory, and then deploy it using the `func` command shown in the Ballerina build output as in the previous section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the `bal build` command on the package directory to build the package. Then, execute the `func` command shown in the Ballerina build output as in the previous section to deploy it.
```

Better if we can mention the full command here rather than asking to refer the previous section.

> Once the function is deployed, You need to add an item to the collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the function is deployed, add an item to the collection.
```

> 1. Go to the created collection in the **Data Explorer**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the collection created in the **Data Explorer**.
```
